1.Tell me about OOP and describe it.
2.What is the definition of polymorphysm?
3.Internal working of hash map String pool in detail Comparator vs comparable How can we store one I'd with multiple orders (like one 2 many)
4.Java 8 stream coding questions, mostly frequency questions. Questions on Microservices architecture, DB performance, Java 8 features, Springboot 
	annotations, Spring core basics, few core java questions, Kafka
5.How does spring framework function?
6.Java Basics, Hibernate Framework, Use of lambda expression in Java
7.What was the most challenging technical project I worked on and why
8.What is functional interface in Java
9.Java, Angular, Database and a few algorithm questions.
10.how to create end point in spring boot polymorphism scenerio based questions
11.Can we use the static variables inside static methods?
12.Can we use the final keyword with the constructor?
13.Difference between List and ArrayList?
14.What are the different bean scopes in Spring?
15.Difference between StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
16.Difference between Post and Put in SpringREST.
17.How to get the second highest salary from the table?
18.Difference between Inner Join and Outer join.
19.Code to sort an array without using any predefined class and methods.
20.Explain MVC design pattern with diagram.
21.Difference between Application Server and Web Server
22.A login page is validating user id and password by getting details from the database. 
	But as the database has billion of rows and it is getting a long time to fetch the data from the database hence throwing errors. 
	What should be the short-term and long-term solutions for this issue?
23.About binary search
24.Core Java, OOPS, Exception handling, Finding a palindrome etc. Hod do you do unit testing, how do you do integration testing, 
	have you worked on agile, do you know about devops etc
25.how to reverse linked list
26.difference between final, finally and finalize, how is exception handling is used in your project, what is throwable.
27.multithread concepts,
28.bean lifecycle, 
29.how to make a class immutable,
30.which is the starting point for a spring framework.
31.how hashmap stores work internally.Hashmap internal implementation
32.what is dependency injection.
33.Write a code of cache mechanism in core java without any framework support.
34.Reverse a string. Print a pyramid pattern from a string. Collections.
35. what is inheritance..! 2. what is interface..!
36.How to implement stack
37.Write a method to remove even numbers from list without using any other collection.
38.Thread vs Runnable
39.How concurrent hashmap works?
40.How to apply security on RESTful web services
41.Why wait and notify should be called from Synchronized block?
42.How to implement second level cache in Hibernate?
43.If your application has multiple databases, how many changes you have to made in Hibernate?
44.If SOAP is more secure than REST then why many banking application still uses REST?
45.What is the difference between HashMap and HashTable?
46.Types of IOC container
47.Steps for JDBC connection
48.How to sort objects based on one of it's variables
49.Given multiple catch blocks, which catch block would be executed.
50.Find 2nd and 5th highest salary from table
51.How can you access private functions using reflection
52.Write a program to check if a String is palindrome or not.
53.Difference between == and equals method
54.What is concurrent modification exception? How to prevent it.
55.difference between abstraction and encapsulation ?'
56.Is abstraction and abstract class is same ?
57.difference between abstraction and interface'
58.
